[Feature] Add ILST Converter (#833)
open-mmlab/mmocr: docs/en/datasets/recog.md

│   │   ├── annotations
│   │   ├── train_label.txt
│   │   ├── test_label.txt
│   ├── IIIT-ILST
│   │   ├── crops
│   │   ├── ignores
│   │   ├── train_label.txt

> │   │   ├── test_label.txt

Reviewer: default format is `jsonl`, so it should be `train_label.jsonl` and `test_label.jsonl` here.

Author: ok

│   │   ├── annotations
│   │   ├── train_label.txt
│   │   ├── test_label.txt

> │   ├── ILST

Reviewer: It seems you didn't `mkdir ILST` in the doc. Please check if the directory name is correct. Also, `ILST` or `ilst` (since I saw `ilst` on the `shared_data` path)?

Author: My bad.  I think I'll just use `IIIT-ILST` here.

```bash
python tools/data/textrecog/funsd_converter.py PATH/TO/funsd --nproc 4
```
### ILST
- Step1: Download dataset from [here](https://iiitaphyd-my.sharepoint.com/:f:/g/personal/minesh_mathew_research_iiit_ac_in/EtLvCozBgaBIoqglF4M-lHABMgNcCDW9rJYKKWpeSQEElQ?e=zToXZP)

> - Step2: Run the following codes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Step2: Run the following commands
```

```bash
unzip -q IIIT-ILST.zip && rm IIIT-ILST.zip
cd IIIT-ILST
# rename files
cd Devanagari && for i in `ls`; do mv -f $i `echo "devanagari_"$i`; done && cd ..
cd Malayalam && for i in `ls`; do mv -f $i `echo "malayalam_"$i`; done && cd ..
cd Telugu && for i in `ls`; do mv -f $i `echo "telugu_"$i`; done && cd ..
# transfer image path
mkdir imgs && mkdir annotations
mv Malayalam/{*jpg,*jpeg} imgs/ && mv Malayalam/*xml annotations/
mv Devanagari/*jpg imgs/ && mv Devanagari/*xml annotations/
mv Telugu/*jpeg imgs/ && mv Telugu/*xml annotations/
# unify postfix
cd imgs
ls -1 *.jpeg | xargs -n 1 bash -c 'convert "$0" "${0%.jpeg}.jpg"'
rm *jpeg
# remove unnecessary files
cd ..
rm -rf Devanagari && rm -rf Malayalam && rm -rf Telugu && rm READEME.txt
cd ../../
```

> - Step3: Generate `train_label.txt` and `test_label.txt` and crop images using 4 processes with following command (add `--preserve-vertical` if you wish to preserve the images containing vertical texts). Besides, the orginal dataset doesn't have test set. And specific `--test_ratio` to split the dataset.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Step3: Generate `train_label.txt` and `test_label.txt` and crop images using 4 processes with the following command (add `--preserve_vertical` if you wish to preserve the images containing vertical texts). Since the original dataset doesn't have a test set, you may specify `--test_ratio` to split the dataset. 20% of the data are left out as the test set in this example.
```

cd Malayalam && for i in `ls`; do mv -f $i `echo "malayalam_"$i`; done && cd ..
cd Telugu && for i in `ls`; do mv -f $i `echo "telugu_"$i`; done && cd ..
# transfer image path
mkdir imgs && mkdir annotations
mv Malayalam/{*jpg,*jpeg} imgs/ && mv Malayalam/*xml annotations/
mv Devanagari/*jpg imgs/ && mv Devanagari/*xml annotations/
mv Telugu/*jpeg imgs/ && mv Telugu/*xml annotations/
# unify postfix
cd imgs
ls -1 *.jpeg | xargs -n 1 bash -c 'convert "$0" "${0%.jpeg}.jpg"'
rm -f *jpeg
# remove unnecessary files
cd ..
rm -rf Devanagari && rm -rf Malayalam && rm -rf Telugu && rm READEME.txt
cd ../../
```
- Step3: Generate `train_label.jsonl` and `test_label.jsonl`(optional) and crop images using 4 processes with the following command (add `--preserve-vertical` if you wish to preserve the images containing vertical texts). Since the original dataset doesn't have a test set, you may specify `--test-ratio` to split the dataset. E.g., if test-ratio is 0.2, then 20% of the data are left out as the test set in this example.
```bash
python tools/data/textrecog/ilst_converter.py PATH/TO/IIIT-ILST --nproc 4 --test-ratio 0.2

> ```

Reviewer: The doc here is `--test-ratio` while the code uses `--val-ratio`.
